karim you are gone to the elysée for
ask his opinion at the first of
french françois hollande that all this
that he has to say one halfway to this
world cup the blue ones are qualified
how do you want to judge these blues is this
that it's already won for them
sportingly and in terms of image
I know French well I know
their enthusiasm sometimes also their
way of denigrating what may have been a
loved time so it's not because the
match against the equator was not at the
height of what it could have been between the
Swiss that we need where we
to be excited to consider that we are
already win the world cup or
consider that they have already lost
because we only made a draw
against the equator me I support
the France team when we support
the team of France we do not look at this or
such match we do not expect it to be
in the quarterfinals we are only in
eighth for the moment we support
the french team to the end
said we are halfway
what matters is it's half way it's
the end of the road is the arrival there
must for all before the arrival there will be
eighths against nigeria
maybe the gap we hear that
you could go to brazil for
quarter-finals is this true
even if it was true I will not say it
what will the wink to the 8th you
imagine if I will be there for the gifts
we did not think of quarterfinals
so I'll come back when I
think it will be the most useful then
maybe I will not have the opportunity to
come because here too we have to do
Warning
after the presence of the president of the
republic it must be
where he is not necessarily called
for the world cup I believe that the
supporters are already there without me
adds but if I can a moment we
will see when we will see at what stage of the
competition if for a moment I can
find book why not last
question especially since the final is the
July 13 in France there is a parade that
is called the procession of July 14 if we
is in the final we move on July 14
how to do when you are strong the team
from France to Clairefontaine I gave them
says this problem is that if you are
finally
it's the 13th of July and the
champs-elysées are going to be taken for
the eventual event that could be the one
of victory but I told them that
matter we'll always manage on
the logistics plan the only thing it's
that the parade of July 14 will be the 14
July but do not complicate the
life and not requiring always
predict who does not expect all
built we will beat the nigeria must
beat nigeria
finally treading is not the same
when françois hollande talks about
the team of France we are not sure he
also talking about him what did he talk about
also often does saint françois in de
spin the metaphor
when he talks about sport other topics
at the same time in France team the
parallel is quite easy to do there are
six months
the team of France was at the lowest
in the polls hated by all the
world today she is worshiped adored
holland it to the lowest in the
polls he tells himself that maybe
the example of the France team can
apply to him even this day why
not and then another moment where he talks
a little bit of it is when he says it's
not put way that we judge whether at the end of the
in the end I can when he says that this is
that's the low bank and his rhetoric about the
presidential every time he says no
do not judge me now but at the end of
my mandate
so yes he also talks a little about him
in this interview and I do not have very
well understood he goes to brazil where he goes
not in brazil
he can not say he will oppose but
if we ever beat nigeria and if that
Germany, Algeria and elsewhere
quarter-finals go couailhac why
80 and 90% chance he explained what
gets eliminated if I'll be still
define the landslides eliminate the
prevents him from going to the quarterfinals if
France and Germany Brazil but
pierrot he can go there before his
exit a little more if it goes with the
France loses it will be said that it's his fault
doc m6 had been in the first round
as mrs merkel
you think they stop a myth there
had not he took a ticket no
refundable but they will have in all
case is that July 13 if we are
world champion
Normally we will not be able to go celebrate
that would change then that I
asks to see the rate of saying that
Beijing milk tobacco that will tumble
on the people trained by you stone
I am sure seditious as you are
I am very seditious severity